Calendar
========

A simple PHP script for providing calendar feeds for your site in a variety of 
different formats including iCalendar, RSS, JSON and XML.

1. [Requiremenst](#requirements)
1. [User Guide](#user-guide)
2. [Licence](#licence)
3. [Credits](#credits)


1 Requirements
--------------

Requires PHP 5


2 User Guide
------------

### 1.1 Installation

To install the script, copy the following files to your webserver using your
FTP client, SCP client or similar:

* __calendar.php__ (the PHP script)
* __calendar.xsd__ (schema definition for XML)
* __calendar.css__ (stylesheet for HTML)

### 1.2 Provide Event Info

The script can read event info from a __JSON__ or __CSV__ file:

#### 1.2.1 JSON Input

#### 1.2.2 CSV Input

### 1.3 Linking to Feeds

To link to the feeds generated by the PHP script, simply use the URL of the 
script file, adding the parameter `format=` to indicate the format of data to 
access. For example, to link to an RSS feed, the following URL might be used:

	http://example.com/calendar.php?format=rss
	
The following data formats are available:

* __icalendar__: iCalendar format - a standard calendar data exchange format
  compatible with iOS and Google Calendar.
* __rss__: RSS 2.0 format - a standard news aggregation format compatible with
  many news readers and other applications.
* __xml__: XML format - a popular and widely supported data exchange format.
* __html__: HTML format (full) - a full webpage for users to view the event data 
  directly in the browser.
* __html-frag__: HTML format (fragment) - just the HTML for the calendar itself,
  suitable for embedding in another page.

### 1.4 Displaying in Another PHP Script

The event data can be included in HTML format in another PHP page. To do this,
simply include the PHP script using an `include` or `require` statement. For 
example:

``` php
<html>
	<body>
		<p>This is my page</p>
		<p>Here is a calendar:</p>
		
		<?php include "calendar.php"; ?>
	</body>
</html>
```

3 Licence
---------

Released under the MIT licence. See the `LICENCE` file for the full text of 
this licence.


4 Credits
---------

Written by Mark Frimston

* Twitter: [@frimkron](http://twitter.com/frimkron)
* Email: <mfrimston@gmail.com>
* Github: <http://github.com/Frimkron/calendar>

